{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh13420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instructions for Importing the Calcvids Materials into Blackboard\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
1. Download the zip file from the CalcVids website but do NOT unzip the file. \
\
2. Go to your course website on Blackboard.\
\
3. Click on "
\f0\b Packages and Utilities
\f1\b0 " under "
\f0\b Course Management
\f1\b0 ".\
\
4. Then click on "
\f0\b Import Package \\ View Logs
\f1\b0 ".\
\
5. The new page will open. Click on the "
\f0\b Import Package
\f1\b0 " \ul button\ulnone  on this page. \
\
6. This takes you to the Import Package page. Click on the "
\f0\b Browse My Computer
\f1\b0 " button, then navigate to highlight the zip file you downloaded. After the zip file has been highlighted, click on "
\f0\b Open
\f1\b0 ". \
\
7. Under "
\f0\b Select Course Materials
\f1\b0 " (you may need to scroll down), click on "
\f0\b Select All
\f1\b0 ."\
\
8. Then click on the "
\f0\b Submit
\f1\b0 " button in the bottom right corner. The submission process may take several minutes. \
\
\

\f0\b Additional information:
\f1\b0 \
Blackboard typically sends a notification email once the package has been uploaded.\
\
After importing, you may need to hit your web browser refresh button to reload the site and see the changes. Blackboard also provides a refresh button within the page.\
\
After importing, you should see a "CalcVids.org Materials" link appear on the left with your main course content links. The link will initially be hidden from students. \
\
In your course "Grade Center" all of the Blackboard tests appear as Task, PreVideo, and PostVideo Questions associated with each learning module. \
\
By default, all the learning modules (except modules associated with differential equations) are set to visible. Feel free to use Blackboard commands to show and hide modules, items, and tests* as needed. In addition, you may need to show and hide tests* in your gradebook. You will likely need to reorganize the order of the content in the CalcVids.org Materials folder to best align with your textbook. We recommend using the flowchart ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nam01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcalcvids.org%2Finstructorinfo%2FCalcvids_Flowchart.pdf%2F&data=02%7C01%7Caweinberg%40ithaca.edu%7Ce8dc33f1f8894200118d08d83b1c0446%7Cfa1ac8f65e5448579f0b4aa422c09689%7C0%7C1%7C637324338806882852&sdata=kcEOW%2FvHsbzdPKqvx4EKjlpjUhuAHic%2Bv7579DEN%2BfQ%3D&reserved=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://calcvids.org/instructorinfo/Calcvids_Flowchart.pdf/}}) to make sure you keep core videos in order. \
\
Feel free to edit tests as needed. By default, test questions are set to three attempts with grades appearing in the Grade Center for Task, PreVideo, and PostVideo Questions but only PostVideo Questions are set to count toward a student's overall grade.\
\
*In some cases, tests (Task Questions, PreVideo Questions, and PostVideo Questions) have not propagated within the learning modules. But they should have propagated within your course test bank. If this is the case, you will need to individually assign the tests. They are easy to find and named according to the name of the learning module. \
\
Below are directions to add a test to a learning module:\
1. Select the learning module. Then click on the "
\f0\b Assessment
\f1\b0 " dropdown menu and select "
\f0\b Test
\f1\b0 ". \
\
2. From the "Create Test" page, you want to "
\f0\b Add an Existing Test
\f1\b0 " by scrolling within the "
\f0\b --Select Test Below--
\f1\b0 " box and clicking on a test to highlight the desired test. Then click on the "
\f0\b Submit
\f1\b0 " button in the bottom right corner. \
\
3. Now you are in the "Test Options" page. Scroll through to select the options you desire. This will take you through the test options page. Note that the "Content Link Descriptions" for Task and PreVideo Questions indicate that they "do NOT count for a grade." So you may want to uncheck, "Include this Test in Grade Center Score Calculations" for Task and PreVideo Questions although you will still see student scores. In addition, we recommend that you select "One at a Time" for the Test Presentation to accommodate students with slower devices and/or slower internet connections. \
\
4. Once you have made all of your selections, click on the "
\f0\b Submit
\f1\b0 " button. \
\
5. You will now be back on the learning module page. The test will appear at the bottom of the page. You will need to drag the Task questions and PreVideo Question up to place them in their correct ordering. Note: Task questions should appear prior to the Student Problem Solving video. The PreVideo Questions should appear AFTER the Student Problem Solving video but before all other videos. Not all learning modules have a Task question and not all learning modules have a Student Problem Solving video. }